add page with instructions for reloading a segment (#230)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: basics/data-import/segment-reload.md

---
description: Reload a table segment in Apache Pinot.
---

# Reload a table segment from the deep store

> After data is written to segments in a table, segments are saved to a deep store location specified in your [table configuration](../../configuration-reference/table.md), such as a storage drive or Amazon S3 bucket.

Reviewer: Is there a way to write around the double passive voice here?

---
description: Reload a table segment in Apache Pinot.
---

# Reload a table segment from the deep store

> Once data is pushed or pulled into Apache Pinot and written into segments in a table, those segments will eventually be stored away in a deep store, using a location you designate, such as on a storage drive or in Amazon S3. That storage is defined in your [table configuration](../../configuration-reference/table.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After data is written to segments in a table, segments are saved to a deep store location specified in your [table configuration](../../configuration-reference/table.md), such as a storage drive or Amazon S3 bucket.
```

> To reload segments from your deep store, you can use calls from the Pinot Controller API or do this from the Pinot Admin Console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To reload segments from your deep store, use the Pinot Controller API or Pinot Admin Console.
```

## Use the Pinot Controller API to reload segments

To reload all segments from a table, use:

```
POST /segments/{tableName}/reload
```

To reload a specific segment from a table, use:

```
POST /segments/{tableName}/{segmentName}/reload
```

> Either API call will return a JSON response like this one for a successful operation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A successful API call returns the following response:
```

```json
{
    "status": "200"
}
```

## Use the Pinot Admin Console to reload segments

To use the Pinot Admin Console, do the following:

> 1. From the left sidebar menu, select the **Cluster Manager**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. From the left navigation menu, select **Cluster Manager**.
```

> 1. From the **TENANTS** section, select the **Tenant Name**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Under **TENANTS**, select the **Tenant Name**.
```

1. From the list of tables in the tenant, select the **Table Name**.

1. Do one of the following:

>     * To reload all segments, from the **OPERATIONS** section, click **Reload All Segments**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * To reload all segments, under **OPERATIONS**, click **Reload All Segments**.
```

>     or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>     * To reload a specific segment, from the **SEGMENTS** section, select the **Segment Name**, then from the new **OPERATIONS** section, select **Reload Segment**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * To reload a specific segment, under **SEGMENTS**, select the **Segment Name**, and then in the new **OPERATIONS** section, select **Reload Segment**.
```
